
# j0
I arrived in the small city of Oran today, only to despair at the drastic difference from my home in Paris. Here, the air felt constantly hot and dry, making the town stale and lifeless. There are few gardens or greenery, and nothing much ever happens of interest. Moreover, the air of this town feels constantly suffocating and there is none of the liveliness that accompanies late nights out in Paris or summer strolls along the Seine. The residents do not spend much time engaging in enjoyable activies, and instead spend their entire week on the pursuit of making money. I can only hope to finish my reporting assignment in the city and return to my wife in Paris as soon as I can.

# j1
Over the past week, a curious phenomenon has struck the town: rats, either dying or dead, have started to appear all across the streets. I even found one in my own bedroom, though I have no clue as to how it got there. These rats often are found bleeding from their mouths and convulsing as they die, creating an bigger problem in cleaning them up. Wherever residents walk, dead rats litter the pathways turning a once-boring town into one of the most disgusting and unsanitary places I have traveled to. There are more rats now on the streets of Oran than I ever thought existed in the city, contributing to my (and many others') disbelief of the situation at hand.

However, the appearance of the rats has given the townspeople something to talk about different than the usual discussion regarding business endeavors, and most people around the town seem rather excited by the new development. Of the people I have spoken to so far, no one has been concerned by the rats. Indeed, there are many residents, calling themselves amateur scientists, hoarding and examining the lifeless rats in an attempt to find some explanation behind this phenomenon.

Tomorrow, I plan to speak to the esteemed Dr. Bernard Rieux about the living conditions of the Arab population in the city, to be published by my employer in Paris. This was my original purpose for coming to Oran, and I am eager to finally be able to speak to the doctor about the situation.

=
# j2
I have at last been able to speak to Dr. Rieux and ask him whether the citizens of France should be concerned about the sanitary conditions of Arabic people in Oran. I found the doctor to be a most interesting individual. Before giving me any statement about the question, he inquired about whether I would be able to only report on what he said in an unqualified manner. Of course, as a journalist, I could not agree to this request as I wished to interview several other people as well about it. Due to this, I was unfortunately unable to get any information from the doctor. Of course, I cannot blame the doctor for this, and overall I found Dr. Rieux to be a quite principled man, and indeed, he suggested that I write instead about the rats that have been appearing in the streets. 

# j3
A drastic development has taken place: M. Michel has suddenly passed away from sickness. Dr. Rieux had seen him a couple of days ago, but just today the town receieved news that he passed away. Before he died, he was experiencing a strong fever and boils across his entire body and spent much of the night vomiting. Those who spent the night with him told me that he talked about rats and the rat infestation across the city several times, trying to convey something seemingly urgent to Dr. Rieux. In the morning, the doctor called an ambulance for M. Michel, but he unfortunately passed away on the way to the hospital.

I never thought that being this far from my wife in Paris would affect me so greatly, yet I often find myself thinking about her and our life together. I have become desperate to see her again and I can't wait until my assignment here is over so that I can finally leave Oran for my home. 

# j4
Over the past several weeks, more and more people have become sick and died in the city. Some of the residents are becoming more worried as this mysterious illness sweeps through the population. The government has also started to put up notices and announcements in the local newspapers about the sickness, although most officials still say that it is not contagious and that there is no need to panic. Some of the residents have taken their advice to heart, such as a local hotel manager who insisted on keeping his hotel open for customers through these times. On the other hand, Dr. Rieux appears to be taking this illness very seriously and has started studying the symptoms of each of his patients. 

And there's also Jean Tarrou, a man I who met in the hotel a few days ago. To me, Tarrou is a complete enigma. He seems to be taking the whole situation in stride and doing what he can to help those around him. I can't help but feel a sense of admiration for him,  as I contrast his actions to my own feelings of hopelessness and desire to leave the city.

# j5
In the last two days, the number of deaths from this illness has increased dramatically and many of the residents are trying the leave the city. Those who cannot are wary of interacting with anyone else, as they fear that they may be infected. The streets are becoming more and more empty as people become more reclusive and the plague takes away any human connections the residents of this town once had. The authorities finally decided to quarentine Oran, not letting anyone into or out of the city, causing even more turmoil among the population.

I came to Oran with a purpose: to write a story about the conditions of Arabic life in Algeria under the French. But now, with this illness spreading across the town, that purpose seems trivial and insignificant. I become more and more desperate to leave this place and return to Paris to my wife, despite the possibility of me returning slowly diminishing as the plague spreads.

# j6
I have finally made up my mind to leave this diseased city for Paris. No one is seen out in public anymore and the streets have been completely deserted. There is an air of despair and pessimism in the city due to the plague and the officials shutting the gates. All of the residents feel like prisoners inside the city and no one is able to conduct business as usual. I feel as though the city has deteriorated from an atmosphere of boredom to one of complete despondency. I can no longer live here when there is nothing to do and I am so far away from my wife. 

Today, I went to the prefecture office to ask for permission to leave the city. The refused; they weren't willing to let anyone leave at the moment. I tried to convince them that I didn't belong in Oran, that I was merely a journalist who had to return to Paris, but they ignored my pleas. I later went to see Dr. Rieux in the hopes that he would give me a doctor's recommendation describing my health, but he refused on principle. I don't understand how such a man could ignore the nature of love, and the pain of being separated from one's wife. After all, what is the point of living like this if we can't see the people we care about. We were supposed to reunite in Paris, start a new life together. But now, that dream is slipping away from me. It feels like I'm being punished for something that I have no connection to, that I only stumbled onto by chance. I am so desperate to leave this city that I am willing to risk my life to do so. I will try again tomorrow, but if I am not allowed to leave, I will have no choice but to leave the city on my own.

# j7
I can no longer tolerate living in this city anymore. The only option I see is to sneak out of the city against the ruling of the government. To that end, I have found a remarkable man by the name of Cottard who may be able to help me. He seems to know everything and everyone in the city and has promised me a way out for a price. Although he might engage in some unsavory practices on the side, I have no choice if I want to return to Paris and reunite with those I love. I will meet with him tomorrow and see if he can help me. Cottard has put me in touch with several others: Raoul, Gonzales, Garcia, Marcel, and Louis who may be able to help me.

Before leaving, I spoke again to Dr. Rieux about the plague. Although I feel guilty for leaving the city in such a state when no one else can do so, I must follow my heart and return to Paris. 

# j8
Unfortunately, my attempt to leave the city did not go as planned. On the night I was scheduled to leave, I was unable to find Gonzales and had to delay the attempt. I attempted to contact Cottard once more, but he suggested that the process would again take weeks to complete further depressing my spirit.

Moreover, Tarrou and Dr. Rieux keep mentioning that I should stay in the city and help them with the plague. I don't understand why they are so insistent on me staying in the city when it seems so hopeless. I once (and still do) believed that there is no heroism in life, and that the only thing someone can do is follow their heart. However, Dr. Rieux seems convinced that there is no heroism in fighting the plague, merely a sense of duty as a human. 

# j9
Tarrou revealed to me that Dr. Rieux has a wife who is currently outside the city. At once, I suddenly feel guilty for thinking of my own escape when there are so many others like me who are stuck inside the city, unable to see their loved ones. Although I do not understand Rieux's remarks about his sense of duty, I agreed to help him and Tarrou in fighting the plague, at least until I am allowed to leave the city. 

# j10
It has now been months since the start of the plague, and there is no sign that it will go away any time soon. The residents of Oran are as restless as I am, except they have taken to violence as the solution. Several houses, some just two blocks from mine, have been burned down in an attempt to exterminate the plague, and groups of protestors and rioters have been at the town gates for days asking to leave the city. Because so many people are dying, the bodies are being cremated instead of buried causing the air to always be thick with smoke. I feel oppressed and imprisoned by the poisonous air just as the plague imprisons us in the city. 

I finally met with Marcel and Louis again yesterday to try and escape the city. They invited me to spend the night in their mother's house, a bright little house in the Spanish style close to the dockyards. They had somehow procured rice, which had been unavailable for quite some time, and the dinner that night was delicious. Unfortunately, I would have to wait another two weeks to try to leave the town.

# j11
I have at last decided to permanently stay in the town until the plague abates after seeing the work that Dr. Rieux and Tarrou are doing for the residents. Although I would be sacrificing my happiness and time with my wife in Paris, I feel that I have a duty to help the people of Oran in their struggle, and I finally understand what Dr. Rieux meant when he said that there is no heroism, only common decency in fighting the plague. 

I have heard from Dr. Rieux that another doctor, Dr. Castel, has come close to finishing the antidote to this illness. Hopefully, the the plague will be over soon and those that are sick can be cured to relieve us all from this terrible horror. 

Visiting a quarantine camp in the football stadium in the city felt like a worse version of the prison we have all been subjected to over the past months. Everyone was sick and dying, and the only thing they could do was wait for their fate in despair. There was little talk in the camp, the residents had mostly given up on their lives and grasped the uncaring sentiment of the rest of the city towards them. Here and there, occupants had been marking the number of days that had passed without anything to do. With me came Gonzales. In the camp, we found M. Othon, a police magistrate in the city who had heard about his son's death.

# j12
As the fall season ends and winter begins, the city has gotten much colder. The initial panic and depression about the plague among the population has dissapated, as it has within me, and the community seems intent on helping each other. Despite his earlier brusque attitude towards myself and Dr. Rieux, M. Othon has been softened by the death of his son and now volunteers for the quarantine camp in his free time. Perhaps he better understands the importance of fighting against the plague rather than giving up or ignoring it. 

# j13
A few days after Christmas, we had the first week in almost a year where the weekly deaths have gone down. The relief in the air and among the population is palpable, and there is a general optimism that the plague will be over soon. Even Dr. Rieux and Tarrou seem far more relaxed with less work to do. The only person who seems angry about the dissapearence of the plague is Cottard, who has been appearing more and more paranoid as the days pass by. Soon the quarantine on the city will be lifted and I can finally be reunited with my wife after all these months. 

Unfortunately, as the plague came to an end, perhaps the most grevious of deaths happened. Tarrou was inflicted with boils, coughing, and a fever and had to be sent to Dr. Rieux for treatment. Although he promised that he would recover from this, he eventually passed away later that night. Dr. Rieux was devastated by this and grieved openly for the loss of his friend. Moreover, Dr. Rieux received a letter from the sanitorium informing him of his wife's passing. 

# j14
At last, as the new year passes, the gates of the city are finally opened and trains from across the world are allowed in. I had recieved word from my wife earlier that she would be coming immediately, and as such, rushed to the train station to meet her. As excited as I was, I was mostly nervous about seeing her again, seeing the person I had been yearning for all this time and confront the love that had tormented me these past months. If only I could be the man whom I was before the plague who only had one desire: to escape and return to the woman I loved. However, the plague has changed me too greatly, broadening my view of the world and my sense of duty to it. Although I still love her, I can no longer view her, and love, as the sole purpose of my life. Yet I am thankful that I had not been permanently separated from her as Dr. Rieux had been from his wife, and I plan to to make the most of our future together.