I arrived in the small city of Oran, in Algeria several weeks ago, only to despair at the drastic difference from my home in Paris. Here, the air felt constantly hot and dry, making the town stale and lifeless. There are few gardens or greenery, and nothing much ever happens of interest. Moreover, the air of this town feels constantly suffocating and there is none of the liveliness that accompanies late nights out in Paris or summer strolls along the Seine. The residents do not spend much time engaging in enjoyable activies, and instead spend their entire week on the pursuit of making money.

Over the past week, a curious phenomenon has struck the town: rats, either dying or dead, have started to appear all across the streets. I even found one in my own bedroom, though I have no clue as to how it got there. These rats often are found bleeding from their mouths and convulsing as they die, creating an bigger problem in cleaning them up. Wherever residents walk, dead rats litter the pathways turning a once-boring town into one of the most disgusting and unsanitary places I have traveled to. There are more rats now on the streets of Oran than I ever thought existed in the city, contributing to my (and many others') disbelief of the situation at hand.

However, the appearance of the rats has given the townspeople something to talk about different than the usual discussion regarding business endeavors, and most people around the town seem rather excited by the new development. Of the people I have spoken to so far, no one has been concerned by the rats. Indeed, there are many residents, calling themselves amateur scientists, hoarding and examining the lifeless rats in an attempt to find some explanation behind this phenomenon.

Tomorrow, I plan to speak to the esteemed Dr. Bernard Rieux about the living conditions of the Arab population in the city, to be published by my employer in Paris. This was my original purpose for coming to Oran, and I am eager to finally be able to speak to the doctor about the situation.

I have at last been able to speak to Dr. Rieux and ask him whether the citizens of France should be concerned about the sanitary conditions of Arabic people in Oran. I found the doctor to be a most interesting individual. Before giving me any statement about the question, he inquired about whether I would be able to only report on what he said in an unqualified manner. Of course, as a journalist, I could not agree to this request as I wished to interview several other people as well about it. Due to this, I was unfortunately unable to get any information from the doctor. Of course, I cannot blame the doctor for this, and overall I found Dr. Rieux to be a quite principled man, and indeed, he suggested that I write instead about the rats that have been appearing in the streets. 
