A drastic development has taken place: M. Michel has suddenly passed away from sickness. Dr. Rieux had seen him a couple of days ago, but just today the town receieved news that he passed away. Before he died, he was experiencing a strong fever and boils across his entire body and spent much of the night vomiting. Those who spent the night with him told me that he talked about rats and the rat infestation across the city several times, trying to convey something seemingly urgent to Dr. Rieux. In the morning, the doctor called an ambulance for M. Michel, but he unfortunately passed away on the way to the hospital.

I never thought that being this far from my wife in Paris would affect me so greatly, yet I often find myself thinking about her and our life together. I have become desperate to see her again and I can't wait until my assignment here is over so that I can finally leave Oran for my home. 

Over the past several weeks, more and more people have become sick and died in the city. Some of the residents are becoming more worried as this mysterious illness sweeps through the population. The government has also started to put up notices and announcements in the local newspapers about the sickness, although most officials still say that it is not contagious and that there is no need to panic. Some of the residents have taken their advice to heart, such as a local hotel manager who insisted on keeping his hotel open for customers through these times. On the other hand, Dr. Rieux appears to be taking this illness very seriously and has started studying the symptoms of each of his patients. 

And there's also Jean Tarrou, a man I who met in the hotel a few days ago. To me, Tarrou is a complete enigma. He seems to be taking the whole situation in stride and doing what he can to help those around him. I can't help but feel a sense of admiration for him,  as I contrast his actions to my own feelings of hopelessness and desire to leave the city.

In the last two days, the number of deaths from this illness has increased dramatically and many of the residents are trying the leave the city. Those who cannot are wary of interacting with anyone else, as they fear that they may be infected. The streets are becoming more and more empty as people become more reclusive and the plague takes away any human connections the residents of this town once had. The authorities finally decided to quarentine Oran, not letting anyone into or out of the city, causing even more turmoil among the population.

I came to Oran with a purpose: to write a story about the conditions of Arabic life in Algeria under the French. But now, with this illness spreading across the town, that purpose seems trivial and insignificant. I become more and more desperate to leave this place and return to Paris to my wife, despite the possibility of me returning slowly diminishing as the plague spreads.