I have finally made up my mind to leave this diseased city for Paris. No one is seen out in public anymore and the streets have been completely deserted. There is an air of despair and pessimism in the city due to the plague and the officials shutting the gates. All of the residents feel like prisoners inside the city and no one is able to conduct business as usual. I feel as though the city has deteriorated from an atmosphere of boredom to one of complete despondency. I can no longer live here when there is nothing to do and I am so far away from my wife. 

Today, I went to the prefecture office to ask for permission to leave the city. They refused; they weren't willing to let anyone leave at the moment. I tried to convince them that I didn't belong in Oran, that I was merely a journalist who had to return to Paris, but they ignored my pleas. I later went to see Dr. Rieux in the hopes that he would give me a doctor's recommendation describing my health, but he refused on principle. I don't understand how such a man could ignore the nature of love, and the pain of being separated from one's wife. After all, what is the point of living like this if we can't see the people we care about? We were supposed to reunite in Paris and start a new life together. But now, that dream is slipping away from me. It feels like I'm being punished for something that I have no connection to, that I only stumbled onto by chance. I am so desperate to leave this city that I am willing to risk my life to do so. I will try again tomorrow, but if I am not allowed to leave, I will have no choice but to leave the city on my own.